feat(odyssey-react): Adds odyssey-react package with button component and storybook (#942)
okta/odyssey: CODE_STYLEGUIDE.md

> # Code Style & Conventions

Reviewer: I forgot all about these @arnoldsandoval-okta, thanks for bringing them back.

Author: I figured we may want to change/edit them, but I didn't see any harm in including them here

Author: Will remove.

```

##### Quotes

While CSS and Sass don't require strings to be quoted, it's good practice for a few reasons:

- Quoting helps differentiate strings from identifiers like `initial` or `serif`.
- Color names are parsed as identifiers when unquoted
- Syntax highlighters often fail when encountering unquoted strings

If a string contains single quotes (`'`), you may opt to wrap the string in double quotes (`"`) instead of escaping (`\'`).

#### Numbers

##### Calculations

Arithmetic should always be wrapped in parentheses to improve readability and ensure the contents are evaluated appropriately. This is true for both Sass math and extended `calc()`.

```scss
width: (100% / 3);

width: calc((100% / 3) - 2em);
```

##### Magic Numbers

Otherwise known as an "unnamed numerical constant", magic numbers are fixed values without a logical derivation.

**They should be avoided at all costs.** This <a href="https://css-tricks.com/magic-numbers-in-css/">CSS Tricks article</a> does a great job of illustrating the possible pitfalls.

If no other solution can be found, please include a comment to inform the next contributor how you arrived at the existing value.

#### Colors

> Color literals should not be used in property delcarations. Instead, use a known color variable or design token.
> 
> ```scss
> color: cv('red', '500');
> 
> color: $text-body;
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Color literals should not be used in property declarations. Instead, use a known design token to ensure proper theming and forward compatibility.

```scss
// Don't
color: #ff0000;
color: red;

// Do
color: $text-body;
```
```

Small change here from our last pass on this.

#### Declaration Sorting

> Properties should be sorted by type. Rougly, this means properties related to box, border, background, text, then others. Specifically, we refer to the <a href="https://github.com/brandon-rhodes/Concentric-CSS/blob/master/style3.css">Concentric CSS</a> standard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Properties should be sorted by type. Roughly, this means properties related to box, border, background, text, then others. Specifically, we refer to the <a href="https://github.com/cahamilton/stylelint-config-property-sort-order-smacss#readme">SMACSS</a> standard.
```

Update for our new standard.
